[CI] Update pr templates (#954)
port-labs/ocean: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Non-breaking change (fix of existing functionality that will not change current behavior)
- [ ] Documentation (added/updated documentation)

<h4> All tests should be run against the port production environment(using a testing org). </h4>

### Core testing checklist

- [ ] Integration able to create all default resources from scratch
- [ ] Resync finishes successfully
- [ ] Resync able to create entities
- [ ] Resync able to update entities
- [ ] Resync able to detect and delete entities
- [ ] Scheduled resync able to abort existing resync and start a new one
- [ ] Tested with at least 2 integrations from scratch

> - [ ] Tested with all event listeners e.g. Kafka, Polling

Reviewer: except HTTP

### Integration testing checklist

- [ ] Integration able to create all default resources from scratch
- [ ] Resync able to create entities
- [ ] Resync able to update entities
- [ ] Resync able to detect and delete entities
- [ ] Resync finishes successfully
- [ ] If new resource kind is added or updated in the integration, add example raw data, mapping and expected result to the `examples` folder in the integration directory. 
- [ ] If resource kind is updated, run the integration with the example data and check if the expected result is achieved

> - [ ] If new resource kind is added or updated, validate that webhook is working as expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If new resource kind is added or updated, validate that live-events for that resource are working as expected
```

- [ ] Docs PR link [here](#)

### Preflight checklist

> - [ ] Handled rate limiting

Reviewer 2: Pagination / Multi account?
